Document QA project copyover (#13)
slingshot-ai/example-mnist: document-qa/README.md

# Document Q&A

This example [Slingshot](https://www.slingshot.xyz/) project walks through how to combine an existing set of documents
with GPT 3.5 turbo, and place the result behind a front-end app that allows you to query the augmented model.

We're using the [essays of Paul Graham ](http://www.paulgraham.com/) in this example, but the modular nature of the 
project allows you to swap out the essays for any set of documents. You could easily modify this example to create a 
GPT 3.5-powered chatbot augmented with all of your internal company knowledge, or a chatbot that has knowledge of the 
most recent publications of leading medical journals.

This project is a perfect blueprint to demonstrate how you can combine existing LLMs with outside information to create
a more specialized and useful tool.

## Project setup

> 1. Clone this repo
> 2. In your project directory, create a new Slingshot project and link it using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone this repo
2. In your project directory, initialize a new Slingshot project:
```

```bash

> $ slingshot login
> $ slingshot init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ slingshot init
```

```

> Create a new project when prompted, add a project name, do not reinitialize the project from scratch, then apply your
> changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new project when prompted.
```

Finally, run `slingshot push` to push local files to your Slingshot project

## Download Graham's essays

> First thing we need to do is download all of Graham's essays. This will be the dataset against which we'll be able to
> ask questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, let's prepare our retrieval dataset. For this use case, we'll scrape Paul Graham's essays from his blog.
```
